Creating Is teaching right for me category page (#3555)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/if-you-want-to-change-career.md

---
title: Career change to teaching
heading: How do I change to a career in teaching?
subcategory: Qualifications and skills
description: |-
  Find out what extra support you can get if you want a career change into teaching. Bring your skills and experience to life in the classroom.
related_content:
    Train to be a teacher : "/train-to-be-a-teacher"
    Changing career from engineering to teaching physics: "/blog/natural-transition-from-engineering-to-teaching-physics"
    Engineers teach physics teacher training courses : "/subjects/engineers-teach-physics"
    Transferring my skills to teaching: "/blog/transferring-my-skills-to-teaching"
    Fund your training if you're a parent or carer: "/funding-and-support/if-youre-a-parent-or-carer"
promo_content:
    - content/train-to-be-a-teacher/promos/adviser-promo-career-changers
navigation: 5.40
navigation_title: How do I change to a career in teaching?

> navigation_description: Use your experience to inspire students by bringing your skills and expertise to the classroom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigation_description: Use your experience to inspire students and bring your skills and expertise to the classroom.
```
Would this be slightly better? Feel free to disagree
